Restructure the userdoc directory (#2283)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/models/models-main.rst

Models in NEST
==============

NEST provides a ton of models! Textbook standards like integrate-and-fire and Hodgkin-Huxley type models are available
alongside high quality implementations of models published by the neuroscience community.

* Discover :doc:`all the models in our directory <index>`

Need to create your own?

> * Check out :doc:`NESTML <nestml:index>`, a domain-specific language supporting neuron and synapse models without
>   any C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check out :doc:`NESTML <nestml:index>`, a domain-specific language supporting neuron and synapse models with a code generation backend that generates model code in C++ for NEST.
```
